# Milestone 2 Reflection

### Implementations
Our interactive dashboard allows users to rank the importance of different features (such as health and economy), and provide them with the top countries worldwide that align most with our user’s values. Moreover, the dashboard allows users to view the rank and score of happiness in a particular country on a map at their choice, as well as to compare on a plot a certain key indicator of happiness in several countries using the dropdown lists.

### Dashboard Strengths
The dashboard has easy-to-use sliders to rank different features related to calculating overall happiness of living in a certain country. These sliders are connected directly to the top country list, and there is a reset button to clear any inputs. Our interactive map allows users to select specific countries to see their happiness score and rank. Also included is a year progression plot showing selected features and countries compared to a global average, increasing the user’s ability to compare countries and important features.

### Dashboard Limitations
We ran into a few issues with implementing all of the features and countries from the dataset into our widgets. Firstly, this included the year progression, as we were unable to combine the information from the years 2015 to 2020 for the top country list due to time constraints. Although the plot provides a year progression, the top countries are chosen based solely on the most current year of data. Secondly, many countries listed in the dataset were listed differently due to political reasons. For example, Kosovo was listed in world happiness, but not in the map shapes. Some Googling showed this was because Kosovo is still a disputed territory without a political consensus. Lastly, only a subset of key features from the dataset were included in the dashboard to ensure simplicity.
Another limitation of the dashboard is the inability of the map to provide click callbacks, therefore limiting user interactivity to inputs solely from the Altair plots. As well, the Altair map was also contained by not being able to pan or zoom in and out.

### Future Improvements and Additions
In the future, we would like to take advantage of the full datasets provided, through use of a year progression, increased feature selection, and a processed list of countries. Currently, the algorithm to analyze a user’s ranking of most important values is based on the most current year of data, and ranks the countries based on the most important feature, defaulting to health if there is a tie. Future improvements to the algorithm include incorporating all feature selections and rankings. Ideally, our dashboard would also include more user interactivity to update all the dashboard widgets in the form of callbacks to the map, top countries list, and plot. Finally, future additions would also provide more information to users on the specified country, such as a description of stats for the top country suggested.
